How are you, brothers?
My name is BioDayBay
What? This is my feet
What do Edgar do?
Anyway, I wish you sisters to .....
Friday with Biodepay (Markblayer)
Today we will see your submissions for the green background contest
I recorded myself in front of a green background
I asked you to submit your edits to the video, and now we will watch it
I usually like this, I'm very excited to watch
Ah
I was trying hard to avoid cheating because ....
Some of them seem very funny
Also, I'm announcing a new contest, the link in the description, all the information will be at the end of this video
Lets start
My God, how ... * laughs *
My intention is not this terrible
To see this again
This sounds real
what happened?
Oh boys, listen, I know it's an annoying child's injury
But that's how kids learn, okay?
This child learn an important lesson today
He is only flirting with me
Biodes House
Yup
I say, he is coming out of my ass
O hell, man
Uh, it's a big one
Ohhhhh
* Humberge the wonderful mower *
I am a brother
Oh hell, this hurts, ahh
What's this, why stop?
Boo
O animal
How are you, brothers?
you...
Biodepay
..And you are on my screen
So what do you think of the video?
This...
Ahh?
Handicapped
Oh really ? Is that all you have to say
I've worked a lot on this
Screw you
Ok, son of the dog, come
I want to pull you out of your ear
And I will come to you
Well, put your ass here, you Swedish dog
* Boods laughs *
Yup
Biodes finished it
Come on Biodepay, come on
Come on
* Biodes concluded on the *
Did he change himself until he loses?
God bless you O Zlama
It was possible to win
But just because you made yourself lose
I respect you * Applause * I respect you
Great respect
And if you are a woman you will have double respect
*kiss*
that's cool
Really creative
I really love her
* Is this Hubble? *
This content disgusts me. It makes me sick
Do you like this Spencer?
Ok Shouf
* Skill skills in Spencer *
Video: I have become a kind of a symbol ...
Hahaha
This video was nice, good work
This is fond
Yup
This was awesome
My God
I love the Edgar section
These video modifications are fairy
Well done
Oh, what is this?
Of the fastest?
You are the loser, you whore
My God
Yup
Flash: Who are you?
My name is Jayyeevf
Yup
He concluded it
I do not know who you are
My name is Biofeedback
Yeah, that was great
This is a wonderful adjustment
My God
Uh, he's too stupid
I love him
Yup
Ahh, that's very funny
He is stupid but funny, God curse him
See, this section of the film
I've watched the movie, so I know what will happen
Do not open the door
I'll eat your ass
Haha
This was good
My God, this movie is very scary
I remember when I saw him
He scared me
Aha, it's another door
It's another door will open
Hi my love
do not be shy
Come in
God damn you
My God, this sounds real
How are you, brothers?
My name is BioDayBay
Oh, it's white, I did not know it was white
Do you think it will scare children?
children? , This will give parents nightmares
Very fast
he is amazing
Very stupid, I love him
The atmosphere is very hot here, I'm obsessed
I love him, he is very good
Always a good hipple, always good
I love this
it's hot
Beautiful and hot
I love this
His sense as my ass
I love to shake my waist so
He comes out of my ass
My God
It's a big one, ya mama
*Shout*
I love music in the background too
He is a child
I love him so much
We will either be wonderful
Ah, it's hard to hold him
My God, what's going on?
And iqqqqqvvvv
*No comment*
Another movie? what's happening here?
* A mythical representation * Oh you have scared me
Do you like Spinner?
Can be a ....
Screw you
The Movie: Destroyed, Destroyed
What ? Why? Why?
Just let him, just let him
Do you like Spinner, boy?
Ayoh, I grabbed him with my ass
No
Iohahaha
So the spuner is damaged
If you do not do it, I strongly advise you to do it now
Yup
The songs are wonderful
My God, this adjustment is wonderful
It's not bad, it's good
What's in the box? What's in the eye box?
I'm your brother, BioDudeBay
Why are you angry?
I'll be happy if you're in a box
* Sing *
A mating call between dinosaurs
This is very stupid, what is this Hubble?
Hey man
This is my favorite videos
You are creative and funny
I'm kidding, you're not so funny
I want you to become like me
next week
Spread the best biodepate creams
Same site, the same laws
Go and vote, these videos will be the best
I can not thank you enough for these videos
I'll leave the channel links you saw in the description
Go and support them, brothers
I mean, sisters
Indeed, seeing all these passages warms my heart
And it is not because I die from the heat of sweat
But also? , Because I love you
In a sexual manner
I do not think I can do this joke
In any case
Stay great, my sisters
* Sisters' grip *